Add some vtu preprocessing information to documentation (#1310)
4C-multiphysics/4C: doc/documentation/src/analysis_guide_templates/preprocessing.rst

#. Either you create the mesh in |FOURC|'s native format directly. Refer to the :ref:`tools` section
   to find tools that can help you to create |FOURC| input files.
#. or you directly read the mesh from standardized mesh formats. |FOURC| supports reading vtu-files,
   or EXODUS II.

Generating ``VTU`` files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

VTU is a standard file format for unstructured grids and is part of the VTK library. VTU files
can be generated from various mesh formats using the Python library `meshio <https://pypi.org/project/meshio/>`_,
or they can often be exported directly from meshing software.

> |FOURC| uses element blocks to assign physical fields and their properties to subsets of elements
> in the mesh. The VTU file must define a cell data array called ``block_id``, which assigns an integer
> ID to each element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|FOURC| uses element blocks to assign physical fields and their properties to subsets of elements
in the mesh. The VTU file needs to contain a cell data array called ``block_id``, which assigns an integer ID to each element. This ID can then be referenced in the ``ELEMENT_BLOCKS`` ID in the |FOURC| input file.
```

> in the mesh. The VTU file must define a cell data array called ``block_id``, which assigns an integer
> ID to each element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the mesh. The user must define a cell data array in the VTU file called ``block_id``, which assigns an integer
ID to each element, starting from 1.
```

.. admonition:: Warning
   Each block may only contain elements of the same type (e.g., all hexahedra or all tetrahedra).
   For mixed meshes, multiple block IDs must be defined. Multiple blocks can be assigned to the same
   physical field in the |FOURC| input file.

To define boundary conditions, |FOURC| relies on the definition of point sets. |FOURC| creates

> point sets from integer-type point data arrays named ``point_set_<id>``. A point is interpreted as

Author: It also works if you start you id with `0` (at least the file that I tested locally)
